am62x: secure boot: document the TI key writer (#550)
foundriesio/docs: source/reference-manual/security/secure-boot-ti-am62x.rst

was first plugged in DFU mode::

   New USB device number 87 using xhci_hcd
   New USB device found, idVendor=0451, idProduct=6165, bcdDevice= 2.00
   New USB device strings: Mfr=1, Product=2, SerialNumber=3
   Product: AM62x DFU
   Manufacturer: Texas Instruments, Inc.
   SerialNumber: 01.00.00.00

Certificate Generation in the OTP KeyWriter
-------------------------------------------

The process requires the OEM to generate a random 256-bit number; this
number will be the AES symmetric encryption key used to protect the
sensitive information in the X509 certificate extension fields.

   1. SMPK/BMPK: Public key hash (512 bits)
                 The hash of the RSA-4096 firmware sign key
   2. SMEK/BPMK: Symmetric encryption key
                 A 256 bit encryption key if encrypted boot is configured

.. note::

   If they user does not generate one, the tool shall do it on his behalf.

To protect the AES encryption key and the hash two additional extensions
are created:

   1. AES-256 key
   2. AES-256 key signature generated using the SMPK private key

These are protected/encrypted with the TI FEK public key (also
RSA-4096).

> All these four extensions are then combined into an X.509 configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All four extensions are then combined into an X.509 configuration
```

certificate. This configuration certificate is finally signed with the
SMPK private key to create the final X509 certificate.

> The OTP Keywriter project logically needs access to the keys to be fused
> as well as the TI FEK key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OTP Keywriter project needs access to the keys to be fused,
as well as the TI FEK key.
```

                | |                   | |
                | |      A53 ATF      | |
                | +-------------------+ |
                | |                   | |
                | |     A53 OPTEE     | |
                | +-------------------+ |
                | |                   | |
                | |      R5 DM FW     | |
                | +-------------------+ |
                | |                   | |
                | |      A53 SPL      | |
                | +-------------------+ |
                | |                   | |
                | |   SPL DTB 1...N   | |
                | +-------------------+ |
                +-----------------------+

- u-boot.img

.. code-block:: text

                +-----------------------+
                |                       |
                |       FIT HEADER      |
                | +-------------------+ |
                | |                   | |
                | |      U-Boot       | |
                | +-------------------+ |
                | |                   | |
                | |     U-Boot dtb    | |
                | +-------------------+ |
                +-----------------------+

> Signing the different components of the boot-chain was recently

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Signing the different components of the boot-chain has been
```

> `integrated`_ in U-Boot's binman therefore simplifying the previous

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`integrated`_ in U-Boot's binman, simplifying the previous
```

process; at the time of this writing the code is only available in the
vendor's repository hence why this page uses hyperlinks to vendor
software and not upstream.

Compiling U-Boot will take care of signing not only the binaries it

> generates but also the rest of the firmware images that need to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
generates, but the rest of the firmware images that need to be
```

> included in the final images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
included in the final images.
```

> As a user, you will need to **replace** U-Boot's ``customMpk.pem`` with

Reviewer 2: custMpk.pem

> As a user, you'll merely need to **replace** U-Boot's ``customMpk.pem`` with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a user, you will need to **replace** U-Boot's ``customMpk.pem`` with
```

the RSA-4096 key that was fused during provisioning: this will sign all

> other binaries and firmwares including the externally generated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
other binaries and firmwares, including the externally generated
```
